Revert doc on operator conditions (#4132)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/advanced-topics.md

```Go
import (
    "github.com/operator-framework/operator-lib/status"
)

type MyAppStatus struct {
    // Conditions represent the latest available observations of an object's state
    Conditions status.Conditions `json:"conditions"`
}
```

Then, in your controller, you can use [`Conditions`][godoc-conditions] methods to make it easier to set and remove conditions or check their current values.

> ## Note:
> The `status` package has been removed from the latest operator-lib release in support of upstream [`Conditions`][apimachinery_condition]. Operator-lib version [`v0.1.0`][operator-lib-0.1.0] needs to be imported in order to use `Conditions` library from operator-lib. This can be done by specifying `github.com/operator-framework/operator-lib@v0.1.0` in `go.mod`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**NOTE:** The `status` package was removed in operator-lib `v0.2.0` in deference to the upstream [`metav1.Condition`][apimachinery_condition] type, so your project must depend on version [`v0.1.0`][operator-lib-0.1.0] to use `status.Conditions` until Kubernetes v1.19 is supported:

```sh
go get github.com/operator-framework/operator-lib@v0.1.0
```
````

When the operator is not running in a cluster, the Manager will return an error on starting since it can't detect the operator's namespace in order to create the configmap for leader election. You can override this namespace by setting the Manager's `LeaderElectionNamespace` option.

[typical-status-properties]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#typical-status-properties

> [godoc-conditions]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lib/blob/v0.1.x/status/conditions.go

Reviewer: We can use `pkg.go.dev` to pin godocs to tags now
```suggestion
[godoc-conditions]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/operator-framework/operator-lib@v0.1.0/status#Conditions
```
